dev, v1.6: update tidb-operator GitHub links from master to v1.6.3 (#2989)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: zh/releases/release-1.0.3.md

ACTION REQUIRED: This release upgrades default TiDB version to `v3.0.5` which fixed a serious [bug](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/pull/12597) in TiDB. So if you are using TiDB `v3.0.4` or prior versions, you **must** upgrade to `v3.0.5`.

> ACTION REQUIRED: This release adds the `timezone` support for [all charts](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/tree/release-1.x/charts).

Author: ```suggestion
ACTION REQUIRED: This release adds the `timezone` support for [all charts](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/tree/v1.0.3/charts).
```
